---
layout: post
title: "Test Slashdot"
data: 2018-11-12 05:50:55 +0800
categories: "English"
tags: [English,Technology]
author: Sherry
mathjax: true
---


### IBM's 200,000 Macs Have Made a Happier and More Productive Workforce, Study Finds  [1]

`Posted by BeauHD on Tuesday November 12, 2019 @07:03PM from the satisfaction-guaranteed dept.`

sbinning shares a report from AppleInsider:

> IBM has <u>published its latest study</u> focusing on the benefits of Apple products in enterprise, and has found that a fleet of over 200,000 Macs <u>leads to far lower support costs</u>, smaller numbers of support staff, and happier employees versus a Windows deployment. In the study presented on Tuesday, IBM says that employees that used Mac machines were 22 percent more likely to exceed expectations in performance reviews compared to Windows users. Mac-using employees generating sales deals have 16% larger proceeds as well.

> Turning to employee satisfaction, the first-of-its-kind study shows that Mac users were 17 percent less likely to leave IBM compared to their Windows counterparts. Mac users also were happier with the software available, with 5 percent asking for additional software compared to 11 percent of Windows users. A team of seven engineers is needed to maintain 200,000 Macs whereas a team of 20 is needed for that number of Windows PCs. During setup, the migration process was simple for 98 percent of Mac users versus only 86 percent of those moving from Windows 7 to Windows 10. Windows users were also five times as likely to need on-site support.



### Tesla's European Gigafactory Will Be Built In Berlin [2]

\n\n\n\n

`Posted by BeauHD on Tuesday November 12, 2019 @06:25PM from the hand-picked dept.`

Tesla's European gigafactory <u>will be built in the Berlin area</u>, Elon Musk said Tuesday during an awards ceremony in Germany. TechCrunch reports:

> Musk was onstage to receive a Golden Steering Wheel Award given by BILD. "There's not enough time tonight to tell all the details," Musk said during an onstage interview with Volkswagen Group CEO Herbert Diess. "But it's in the Berlin area, and it's near the new airport." Tesla is also going to create an engineering and design center in Berlin because "I think Berlin has some of the best art in the world," Musk said.

> Diess thanked Musk while onstage for "pushing us" toward electrification. Diess later said that Musk and Telsa are demonstrating that moving toward electrification works. "I don't think Germany is that far behind," Musk said when asked about why German automakers were behind in electric vehicles. He later added that some of the best cars in the world are made in Germany. "Everyone knows that German engineering is outstanding and that's part of the reason we're locating our Gigafactory Europe in Germany," Musk said.

On Twitter, Musk said the Berlin-based gigafactory "Will build batteries, powertrains & vehicles, starting with Model Y."



### Intel Fixes a Security Flaw It Said Was Repaired 6 Months Ago [3]

`Posted by BeauHD on Tuesday November 12, 2019 @05:45PM from the truth-comes-out dept.`

An anonymous reader quotes a report from The New York Times:

> Last May, when Intel released a patch for a group of security vulnerabilities researchers had found in the company's computer processors, Intel implied that all the problems were solved. But that wasn't entirely true, according to Dutch researchers at Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam who discovered the vulnerabilities and first reported them to the tech giant in September 2018. The software patch meant to fix the processor problem addressed only some of the issues the researchers had found. It would be another six months before a second patch, <u>publicly disclosed by the company on Tuesday</u>, would fix all of the vulnerabilities Intel indicated were fixed in May, the researchers said in a recent interview.

> The public message from Intel was "everything is fixed," said Cristiano Giuffrida, a professor of computer science at Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam and one of the researchers who reported the vulnerabilities. "And we knew that was not accurate." While many researchers give companies time to fix problems before the researchers disclose them publicly, the tech firms can be slow to patch the flaws and attempt to muzzle researchers who want to inform the public about the security issues. Researchers often agree to disclose vulnerabilities privately to tech companies and stay quiet about them until the company can release a patch. Typically, the researchers and companies coordinate on a public announcement of the fix. But the Dutch researchers say Intel has been abusing the process. Now the Dutch researchers claim Intel is doing the same thing again. They said the new patch issued on Tuesday <u>still doesn't fix another flaw they provided Intel in May</u>. The Intel flaws, like other high-profile vulnerabilities the computer security community has recently discovered in computer chips, allowed an attacker to extract passwords, encryption keys and other sensitive data from processors in desktop computers, laptops and cloud-computing servers.

Intel says the patches "greatly reduce" the risk of attack, but don't completely fix everything the researchers submitted.

The company's spokeswoman Leigh Rosenwald said Intel was publishing a timeline with Tuesday's patch for the sake of transparency. "This is not something that is normal practice of ours, but we realized this is a complicated issue. We definitely want to be transparent about that," she said. "While we may not agree with some of the assertions made by the researchers, those disagreements aside, we value our relationship with them."



### Microsoft Starts Rolling Out Windows 10 November 2019 Update [4]

`Posted by msmash on Tuesday November 12, 2019 @05:05PM from the new-os-updates dept.`

Microsoft today started <u>rolling out the free Windows 10 November 2019 Update</u>. For those keeping track, this update is Windows 10 build 18363 and will bring Windows 10 to version 1909. From a report:

> The Windows 10 November 2019 Update (version 1909) is odd because it shares the same Cumulative Update packages as the Windows 10 May 2019 Update (version 1903). That means version 1909 will be delivered more quickly to version 1903 users -- it will install like a monthly security update. The build number will barely change: from build 18362 to build 18363. If two computers have the same servicing content, the build revision number should match: 18362.xxx and 18363.xxx. For developers, this means a new Windows SDK will not be issued in conjunction with this version of Windows (there arenâ(TM)t any new APIs).

> Again, the Windows 10 November 2019 Update is not a typical release. It's a much smaller update, though it is still worth getting. Windows 10 version 1909 brings improvements to Windows containers, inking latency, and password recovery. User-facing features include letting third-party digital assistants to voice activate above the Lock screen, being able to create events straight from the Calendar flyout on the Taskbar, and displaying OneDrive content in the File Explorer search box. You may also notice some changes to notification management, better performance and reliability on certain CPUs, and battery life and power efficiency improvements.



### A US Federal Court Finds Suspicionless Searches of Phones at the Border is Illegal [5] 

`Posted by msmash on Tuesday November 12, 2019 @04:25PM from the know-your-boundaries dept.`

A federal court in Boston has ruled that the government is not allowed to search travelers' phones or other electronic devices at the U.S. border <u>without first having reasonable suspicion of a crime</u>. From a report:

> That's a significant victory for civil liberties advocates, who say the government's own rules allowing its border agents to search electronic devices at the border without a warrant are unconstitutional. The court said that the governmentâ(TM)s policies on warrantless searches of devices without reasonable suspicion "violate the Fourth Amendment," which provides constitutional protections against warrantless searches and seizures. The case was brought by 11 travelers -- ten of which are U.S. citizens -- with support from the American Civil Liberties Union and the Electronic Frontier Foundation, who said border agents searched their smartphones and laptops without a warrant or any suspicion of wrongdoing or criminal activity. The border remains a bizarre legal grey area, where the government asserts powers that it cannot claim against citizens or residents within the United States but citizens and travelers are not afforded all of their rights as if they were on U.S. soil. The government has long said it doesn't need a warrant to search devices at the border.